# My Application

The project is generated by [LoopBack](http://loopback.io).

Steps to create a New Admin Login.

1. Sign up as a new user through the "Sign Up" tab on the landing page (localhost:3000).
2. Once a user has been created, open localhost:3000/explorer in a separate tab in your browser.
3. Navigate to POST /customUsers/login
    * 3a - In the credentials field, enter an object with the email and password key/value
       pairs as created in step 1.
    * 3b - Click on "Try it Out!".
    * 3c - Copy the id value that populates in Response Body and paste it into the Set Access
       Token field in the upper right hand corner of the screen.
    * 3d - Click on Set Access Token.
    * 3e - Copy the userID that populated in that same Response Body.(Will use in step 4)
4. Now click on PATCH /customUsers/{id} and paste the userID from step 3e into the required id
   value field.
5. Click on the Example Value object on the right to populate the empty data value field.
    * 5a - Delete the "id" and "username" key/value pairs.
    * 5b - Change the "userType" value from "string" to "ADMIN".
    * 5c - Change the "email" value to reflect that created in step 1.
    * 5d - Add a Password key/value pair to reflect the one created in step 1.
    * 5e - Click on "Try it Out!".
    * 5f - Copy the id value that populates in the Response Body. (Will use in next step).
6. Click on the admin tab.
    * 6a - Click on POST /admins
    * 6b - Click on the example value object to populate the data value field.
    * 6c - Change the "id" field to "password" and populate the object.
    * 6d - Paste "userId" (step 5f) to reflect the user created in step 1.
    * 6e -  Click on "Try it Out!".
6. Return to localhost:3000, log out, and log back in using username password created in step 1.
7. Once logged in, if you see the Admin Toolbar in the upper right hand corner, you have
   successfully logged in as ADMIN!

